Document CiliumCIDRGroup (#34435)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/ciliumcidrgroup.rst

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _CiliumCIDRGroup:

***************************
CiliumCIDRGroup
***************************

.. note::

    **Beta Feature:** CiliumCIDRGroup is currently in beta. We welcome your feedback and encourage you to report any issues by filing a GitHub issue.

    For the list of outstanding tasks and known issues, please refer to :gh-issue:`24801`.

> CiliumCIDRGroup (CCG) is a feature that allows administrators to group CIDR blocks and reference them in their :ref:`CiliumNetworkPolicy`. Unlike the :ref:`CiliumEndpoint` CRD, which is managed by the Cilium agent, CiliumCIDRGroup is intended to be managed by users. It is particularly useful for grouping and managing external CIDRs.

Reviewer: Couple of wording and grammar suggestions:

1. Replace `users` with `administrators` to align on a single name.
2. Reference instances of CiliumEndpoints and CiliumCIDRGroups as resources, rather than CRDs, since there is a subtle difference in the wording there. The cilium operator should manage the CCG CRD and administrators should manage instances of CCGs.
3. Clarify in the last sentence that the management of the CIDR blocks is related to policy enforcement.

```suggestion
CiliumCIDRGroup (CCG) is a feature that allows administrators to reference a group of CIDR blocks in a :ref:`CiliumNetworkPolicy`. Unlike :ref:`CiliumEndpoint` resources, which are managed by the Cilium agent, CiliumCIDRGroup resources are intended to be managed directly by administrators. It is particularly useful for enforcing policies on groups of external CIDRs blocks. 
```

> Below is an example of a ``CiliumCIDRGroup`` object:

Reviewer: Translators struggle with `below` in this kind of context. Could we use `following` instead?

```suggestion
The following is an example of a ``CiliumCIDRGroup`` object:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

  apiVersion: cilium.io/v2alpha1
  kind: CiliumCIDRGroup
  metadata:
    name: vpn
  spec:
    externalCIDRs:
      - "10.48.0.0/24"
      - "10.16.0.0/24"

> You can reference a ``CiliumCIDRGroup`` in a ``CiliumNetworkPolicy``:

Reviewer: Wording changes to make this sentence specific to the example:

```suggestion
The ``vpn`` CCG can be referenced in a ``CiliumNetworkPolicy`` by using the ``cidrGroupRef`` directive:
```

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _CiliumCIDRGroup:

***************************
CiliumCIDRGroup
***************************

> .. note::
> 
>     **Beta Feature:** CiliumCIDRGroup is currently in beta. We welcome your feedback
>     and encourage you to report any issues by filing a GitHub issue.

Reviewer 2: nit: We could probably replace this with the canonical beta.rst include instead:
```suggestion
.. include:: ../beta.rst
```

Feel free to follow up on that in a subsequent PR if you like.

    For the list of outstanding tasks and known issues, please refer to :gh-issue:`24801`.

CiliumCIDRGroup (CCG) is a feature that allows administrators to reference a group of
CIDR blocks in a :ref:`CiliumNetworkPolicy`. Unlike :ref:`CiliumEndpoint` resources,
which are managed by the Cilium agent, CiliumCIDRGroup resources are intended
to be managed directly by administrators.

> It is particularly useful for enforcing policies on groups of external CIDRs blocks.

Reviewer: Small typo

```suggestion
It is particularly useful for enforcing policies on groups of external CIDR blocks.
```

The following is an example of a ``CiliumCIDRGroup`` object:

.. code-block:: yaml

  apiVersion: cilium.io/v2alpha1
  kind: CiliumCIDRGroup
  metadata:
    name: vpn
  spec:
    externalCIDRs:
      - "10.48.0.0/24"
      - "10.16.0.0/24"

The ``vpn`` CCG can be referenced in a ``CiliumNetworkPolicy``

> by using the ``cidrGroupRef`` directive:

Reviewer: We should probably align the directives mentioned before and after the YAML:

```suggestion
by using the ``fromCIDRSet`` directive:
```
